hey what's going on there guys in the
Cure forum absolute MTG and I'm back
with another unboxing for you so today I
have for you guys from the magic origins
set another one of the Interfax so this
one is demonic deals and it is a black
and red deck so each one of these inter
packs come with a 60 Card pre-built deck
that is the same with all of the same
name dinger packs so every one of these
demonic deals that's are gonna have the
same 60 card deck however it does come
with two booster packs which are gonna
be random and what you have inside so we
can pull some cool stuff out of here
each one of these inter packs also come
with a foil rare and a regular rare
inside as well so the foil rare is on
the front always and then the other rare
will be usually behind it we have two
inserts for how to play magic for you
guys that are brand new de and we will
take a look at just what we have inside
here so first off we have a super
complicated name so kotha fed soul
quarter if if that is the accurate
pronunciation I use a legendary creature
to un six six four six flying and
whenever a permanent owned but another
player's put into a graveyard from the
battlefield you draw a card and you lose
one life that's actually really insanely
sweet so pretty cool rare to have in
foil and then we have Chargers ignition
as our other air so sorcery five cost
target creature controlled deals damage
equal to its power to each other
creature and each opponents so that's
pretty insane especially unlimited
that's really sweet so we have Malachy
cold blade to those guys shambling ghoul
flesh bag Marauder which is pretty sweet
to see as a torrent nan taco house
returned at centaur undead servants
cobble roots and throwing Victor blazing
hellhound
we have revenants definitely equal to
the number of creatures in their
graveyard
pretty cool we have an evolving wilds
and some basics so some basic swamps and
some basic mountains and then for our
non creature cards we have fiery
involves Rivas soul strike target
creature of power 3ls for spree sweet
act of treason was nice reprint new
night snare weight of the underworld
cruel revival necromantic summons
chargers fury
holy hunger our holy hunger
on the whole he hungered or a hedging
blaze and that is it for the 60 card
deck so that's our 60 card deck that we
get inside now it's a matter of taking a
look at our booster packs and what we
might fool from out of those always a
gamble receive what rares you fool and
maybe we can even pull one of the the
flip planeswalkers out of here so thorn
Bowl Archer enshrouding missed cobble
brutes wait of the underworld again
busted caterpillar aspiring aranaut does
Anna growth disburse guardian atomic
dawn claustrophobia
cruel revival anoint heir of champions
flesh bag Marauder again and we have
Kathy Lanza regulars as our rare so for
three four four renowned one and four
double white SAP target creature
actually had this in my sealed pool for
the free release and it was pretty sweet
forest and a death card
so our regulars are is our first rare so
grasp up the higher man sir which is
another really sweet card for limited
nights snare dragon fodder celestial
Claire water courser elvish visionary
wild instincts evolving wilds stalwart
Aven girag ax invocation reclusive
artificer and throwing victor and days
undoing this is actually one of the
cards that i really wanted out of the
set so sorcery for three each blade
shuffles his or her hand and graveyard
into his or her library then draws seven
cards if it's your turn and the turn a
really cool card four decks in formats
other than standard that just kind of
dumped their entire hand on turn one and
are able to actually play this on turn
one mainly things like affinity and
modern so this card is really really
cool and we have a foil relic seekers
have of will rare out of here what a way
to actually go about this unboxing for
the intro packs so we're Alex seeker is
a to cost to to with renowned one
whenever it becomes renowned you may
search your library for an equipment
card reveal it and put it into your hand
and shuffle your library so kind of like
a pseudo stone Forge although not not
quite the same or not quite as good but
really cool card nonetheless then we
have a Plains and a goblin token so
really really sweet for this intro pack
opening I thank you guys for joining me
and thank you for watching the unboxing
unpackaging whatever you want to call it
and be sure to like the video and
subscribe to the channel for more
unboxings and other magic content
including the other injure packs from
the set again thank you guys for
watching and until next time peace out